#NYC vs Des Moines Citi Bike Analysis

[Link to tableau story.](https://public.tableau.com/profile/dane.whitted#!/vizhome/Book4_15994418666670/Story1?publish=yes)

This is a summary of analytics assessing the viability of a new Citi Bike Company in Des Moines. Statistics from New York City were used in 
comparison to Des Moines.

Story point 1 compares the population of the two citie. Des Moines is vastly smaller at 2.5% of NY (8.3m / 214K). This not to say Des Moines is not large
enough to sustain a Citi Bike. Citi Bike NY has 2.3m customers. If Des Moines could find 2.5% of NY 2.3m, that would give 58,606. Which appears to be 
as their is currently a bike sharing company in Des Moines.

Story point number 2 examines gender distrubition within customers of Citi Bike NY. The vast majority of riders are male. 52.3% of NYC citizens are female. 
It appears the gender demographic Citi Bike has to go after is male. Des Moines is 50.8% female. Which is good news. We do not want a higher ratio of 
females, it would be harder to find males to rent bikes.

Story point number 3 examines peek hours. This will help Citi Bike plan logistics like bike maintenence. The slowest times are between 2am and 5am. 
The peek hour is 5pm.

Story point number 4 analyzes customer and subscribers. Take note of the large subscriber base NYC has even though it is major tourist attraction. 
This may be a good indicator for Des Moines as it may have to rely on subscribers rather than tourist.

Story point number 5 takes a look at age demographics. They are fairly balanced with 50 year olds being the largest group and 20 year olds coming in
second. These age groups should not be hard for Des Moines find as a customer base. 

Further research would include data concerning automobile ownership. NYC has a large population of people who do not own cars. I would assume Des Moines' 
is much smaller. This might be a strong enough variable to at least consider creating a plan to combat this problem when opening a Citi Bike in Des Moines.